Version Packages (#2012)
tinacms/tinacms: packages/@tinacms/toolkit/CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 0.51.0

### Minor Changes

> - 634524925: image accecpt now comes from the media store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 634524925: filetype acceptance now comes from the media store configuration
```
